# How to Use

    python3 -m venv env

    source env/bin/activate

    pip install -r requirements.txt

## Documentation

***The standard defines 3 Keying Options:***

Option 1: all sub-keys take different values (parity bits ignored). The TDES key is therefore 24 bytes long (concatenation of K1, K2, and K3) , to achieve 112 bits of effective security.

Option 2: K1 matches K3 but K2 is different (parity bits ignored). The TDES key is 16 bytes long (concatenation of K1 and K2), to achieve 90 bits of effective security. In this mode, the cipher is also termed 2TDES.

Option 3: K1 K2, and K3 all match (parity bits ignored). As result, Triple DES degrades to Single DES.

***Modes:***

"MODE_ECB" -> Electronic CodeBook. The most basic but also the weakest mode of operation. Each block of plaintext is encrypted independently of any other block.

"MODE_CBC" -> Ciphertext Block Chaining. It is a mode of operation where each plaintext block gets XOR-ed with the previous ciphertext block prior to encryption.

"MODE_CFB" -> Cipher FeedBack. It is a mode of operation which turns the block cipher into a stream cipher. Each byte of plaintext is XOR-ed with a byte taken from a keystream: the result is the ciphertext.

"MODE_OFB" -> Output FeedBack. It is another mode that leads to a stream cipher. Each byte of plaintext is XOR-ed with a byte taken from a keystream: the result is the ciphertext. The keystream is obtained by recursively encrypting the Initialization Vector.

"MODE_CTR" -> CounTeR mode. This mode turns the block cipher into a stream cipher. Each byte of plaintext is XOR-ed with a byte taken from a keystream: the result is the ciphertext. The keystream is generated by encrypting a sequence of counter blocks with ECB.

"MODE_OPENPGP" -> OpenPGP. A variant of CFB

***For more information***

https://pycryptodome.readthedocs.io/en/latest/src/cipher/des3.html